All right we have our Python installed a WS installed and for older to work properly when we type our
application when we implement our code we have to set our access keys and secret keys and on our previous
lectures as you can remember we created a user on I am from AWOS castle and we copied the secret key
an access key to a notepad.
If you still have it open or if you don't have it yet just open that up just as I have here as the access
key and secret key.
We're going to use those to configure our WSC a lie.
So now let's do that.
For doing that I'm just going to copy my access key and I'll switch back to my command prompt and I'm
going to type A W-S and configure just like that.
And from there AWOS ally is going to start asking me some prompts starting with the access key I'm going
to pass my access key and then it is going to ask for my security.
I'm going to copy my secret key and I'm simply going to paste it.
And from there CLIA is asking for my region that I want to work with for the region.
I'm simply going to use the Frankfurt are you central one region.
So I'll say you Central and one.
So let's just fix those little typos and let's type back again.
You central one.
And then the IWC ally is asking for default output format for interacting with the a WSC allied directly
since we're not going to use that directly since we're going to use the Python and Walthall way let's
just type in as Jaison and leave it as yes.
And here we go.
We have our AWOS Selye configured to work with any connection from our computer to Amazon Web Services.
From now on we can use like any programming language simply anything on a W-S SDK to access the AWOS
resources by configuring the access key and secret key this way we don't have to do it within our Python
code within our botto clients and resources.
This is a very huge benefit for using a WFC a lie underneath your actual implementation.